all right folks welcome back this is the
2022 ICT mentorship on
YouTube and this lesson is going to be
intraday order flow and understanding
the daily
range all right folks we're looking at
tradingview.com and you can can use this
platform for free uh there are some
benefits to having a membership there
it's not terribly expensive but
nonetheless it provides you a means of
looking at charts that I show in my
mentorship here and in my private
mentorship group so it's the same charts
that I'm producing for that community
that I'm producing for you as well
everything in this lecture is going to
be predominantly around teaching you the
elements of the e-
mini setting up your daily range and
your intraday layouts and I'll talk a
little bit about daily profiles so that
way I'll help you and I'll compare in
contrast showing you what it is that
you're trying to learn from me here
versus what is available out there in
the internet okay so that way you can
decide whether or not this is going to
be a worthwhile Pursuit for
you these things that I'm
teaching today are direct ly linked to
index features okay like S&P NASDAQ and
theal okay you can use the Russell
200000 those are the markets that I'm
targeting with the lessons the ideas
of trading the Asian range and things
like that they are not applicable to
these markets I don't teach that to my
students I want you to just focus on the
things I'm going to show you in this
mentorship all right first things first
I'm going to get the boring stuff right
out of the way
whenever you're looking at Futures
especially the index Futures these
contracts trade with expiration dates
and the months that they trade are going
to be shown here es is the symbol for E
mini S&P H in this example stands for
March so the delivery month codes for
the commodity markets H is always
representing the month of
March m is June U is September Z is
December these are the only four months
that the index Futures trade
on E mini S&P e mini NASDAQ and E mini
Dow
okay the year obviously is what it is
now if you're going to be using like for
instance when I take live trades in the
TDM trade they don't take their year
symbol like this it's 22 but in trading
view if you're pulling out the symbol
like I have here
e2022 that represent the Emin S&P 500
contract for delivery month March year
2022 okay since they expire it's
important for you to know that the third
Friday of the
month of delivery which is obviously in
this example here March the third Friday
of that month is expiration you do not
want to be trading after expiration and
the question is going to be is when when
do I start trading the next month out
okay this is always going to be the
front month or the current month or
nearby contract the month after the
front month or current contract month is
always going to be referred to by me as
the next month
out if you ever have a doubt you can go
to barchart.com and you can go to the
select commodity tab here this is all
free you can scrub down into this list
here go to S&P 500 E mini click on that
it'll open up what I just showed you
there and the the first one that's the
cash you don't want to look at that the
next contract available is March see
that even gives you the little
cheat right now this is considered the
front month or nearby
contract the open interest is what I'm
watching okay so one week before
expiration which is the third Friday of
the delivery contract month month so
third Friday of March third Friday of
June third Friday of September third
Friday of December roll over to a new
year starts the sequence all over again
March June September December real easy
pattern real
easy means of keeping track of where
you're supposed to be at but usually
around the first or second day of the
week prior to expiration I start
monitoring open interest and I want to
be in the month that has the larger open
interest number notice that the June
contract only has
57,124 million so this is the larger
liquidity base contract month so I'm
going to be trading this
month if it becomes a matter of this
month here has larger open interest than
this one here then I'm going to be
trading the next month out because I
want the liquidity that's available in
the larger pool liquidity offered by the
most traded contract month okay so
hopefully that answered that question
got a lot of questions regarding
that all right so now what we're looking
for is an opportunity and I'm going
to teach bias and specific entry
techniques next week this week I'm
teaching you the intraday framework and
I want you to start thinking about
market profiles and you're going to have
homework assignments obviously for that
at the end of this video but we're going
to
assume that you were bullish in here
okay I'm going to provide proof in this
video that I was bullish and I did
execute with that bias in mind but but
just kind of put that to the sideline I
know some of you are very anxious and
you're leaving comments saying can you
teach me how to get in you know what you
know what am I looking for I understand
your excitement but take the lessons at
the pace that I'm giving you because I'm
giving you homework assignments and
studying so that way it helps build and
ingrain the understanding I'm giving you
because your study time is actually
going to be where the majority of your
learning is going to come from I'm just
giving you you know points of reference
so that way you can go in and start
looking at things and start seeing a
reoccurring repeating
phenomenon but I want to take
a look at the
15minute time
frame all right
and when you're looking at this
15-minute time frame this is the Bell
weather time frame this is
where I'm looking for key highs and lows
I'm looking for imbalances like fair
value gaps and things of that nature um
yes I'll look for order blocks but I'm
going to try to stay away from order
blocks in this lesson in this mentorship
really because I have models that don't
even rely on order blocks obviously I'm
teaching fair value Gap here and that is
the main focus because it repeats it's
easy pattern it's it's there a lot but I
want you to think about how you frame
your day so when you're in trading view
or you can do this in your own platform
if you're not using trading view but I'm
recommending you at least while you're
going through mentorship here on YouTube
to go through the process with trading
view all right and then this is what you
would classically see annotated in my
chart for a Forex setup I'm taking you
to
8:30 okay you're going to put a vertical
line there at
8:30 click this clone I know this is
very boring for some of you because you
really want to just get in there and get
to the nuts and bolts but I have new
people watching the same video so I have
to make this as complete as possible and
try to cover all the bases and then
hopefully I don't get as many
emails cuz I can't keep up with them and
so if you email me and I'm not
responding I apologize but I just I I
can't keep up with
it all right so we looking
at there you go that's good all right so
the equal distance and time in the
morning then an hour lunch New York
lunch and then an equal amount of time
after that okay so I want to zoom in
here and in your mind I want you to
think about that lunch hour and this is
always New York local time okay set your
trading view chart to this if you do
that no matter where you are in the
world you'll be able to calibrate your
local time with this okay everything I'm
showing you is directly linked to New
York local time if you do it with any
other time frame you're going to mess up
you won't have the same calibrations as
all my students in what I'm looking at
in price because eventually I'm going to
be showing you charts on my community
tab that I want you to be watching
before it happens but before I even
start doing that I'm not going to create
a train wreck by having everybody
looking at charts in their own local
time and not New York time and
completely miss the the point and plot
so once we have
this I want you to think of this hour
here noon to 1:00 in the
afternoon New York
time that is a no trade time period I
don't care who tells you that they can
do this and do that if you're learning
from me just don't trade during that
time okay not even in demo because just
trust me don't do it
okay as we go through the mentorship
you'll understand more reasons why I
just can't give everything in one video
obviously I want to and I I want to do
4H hour long teachings but but I'm
trying to make them palatable because I
know majority of you don't have the
attention span because you're new and
you're just now discovering so I'm
trying to bear that in mind when I'm
making these presentations so you have
your daily range on an intraday
basis all set up and laid out so these
are your boundaries your morning trade
is between 8:30 in the morning why
because there's news events that come
out at
8:30 all the way to noon preferably
around 11:00 I generally don't like to
take
trades after 11 o'clock in the morning
now it doesn't mean I haven't or that I
won't I just generally try not to I want
to try to be positioned before 11:00 and
hopefully be riding something into the
New York lunch at noon and then you know
squaring positions or taking some off if
I'm going to hold through the lunch and
anticipate something going through to
the close and we'll talk about that when
we get into
profiles not volume profile okay uh the
idea of the afternoon session I wasn't
going to teach that
but because I see a lot of nonsense on
YouTube I'm going to I'm just going to
teach it to you okay so it's going to be
a complete daily treaties on the entire
daily range of indices so that
way if you're interest is in this asset
class you'll have a far better chance of
being successful in my opinion using the
information I'm going to give you okay
and I'm proving it with actual
executions as you'll see later in the
video all right so we're looking
at prior to 8:30 what are you looking
for okay I got a lot of questions in the
comment section I'm reading all the
comments folks I love it because it's
real short little Snippets I know a lot
of my students they like to send me
these really long-winded appreciative
emails and then they give me one chart
that doesn't really explain much to me
and I can't really answer it so the
comment section that
I'm opening up on every one of these
videos if you haven't noticed I'm
allowing one comment that to kind of
like honor those individuals that are
showing appreciation and they're not
gratuitously you know looking to praise
me I don't like that okay I I I like the
appreciation for my time and energy and
sacrifice giving it to you for free but
I don't want to be worshiped okay I
don't want all that kind of stuff don't
call me the goat don't call me you the
greatest of all time I don't like that
kind of stuff but if you have something
that you want me to touch on and improve
a delivery or explanation of a specific
thing I mentioned in a video I may
already have something in a future
lesson planned but if it's something
that I don't have in my outline that's
going to be in future videos I'll
utilize the feedback I get okay so that
way I understand some of you want
everything all at one time and there's
no way I can do the all that in one time
but I am taking the feedback back I'm
getting from you all and I'm using that
okay but one of the questions I got was
what highs and lows are we looking for
that you know a stop run would be framed
on or what would be the Catalyst for a
stop hunt well prior to 8:30 if you look
at that okay
we'll just grab a horizontal
Ray and we see this High here and I'm
utilizing this with the benefit of
hindsight
cuz this is how you're going to go back
and back test everything I want you to
take a look at
the high
here and the low right
here so prior to 830 and other words to
the left of that on a 15-minute time
frame what's the most significant or
obvious swing high and swing low swing
high as this it's a candle with a lower
high to the left of it and a lower high
to the right of it three candle pattern
okay it does not matter if the candles
are up or down closes you're just
looking for a swing High because above
that's it's going to be buy side
liquidity or buy stops and a swing low
prior to 8:30 that's a candle that has a
higher low to the left and a higher low
to the right of it it's three candles
again it does not matter what
the close of the candles are it has
absolutely no bearing on what I'm
showing you here because the swing
points are where liquidity is going to
be placed okay so once you have these
levels on your chart on a 50-minute time
frame then you can drop down into your
first lower time frame for
entry that's your F minute chart so
let's do that now all these things will
be transposed right to the 5minute Chart
you won't lose anything in case you're
wondering I know a lot of new people are
afraid if they do something with the
time frame they'll lose
annotations all right so now we have
this old high back here look
at look at this price right there okay
that's going to be the uh high price on
that particular candle right there it's
45145 this candle trades to 4514 A5
exactly the same high when we have that
but look closer we have relative equal
high but we have it in multiple
short-term highs that keep going higher
if there's three
highs they go up like that that's a
classic three drives pattern uh there's
a book I really enjoyed when I was in
the 90s uh Linda rash and Larry Connor's
uh Street smarts book um really nice
little book I don't like everything in
the book but I liked a few of the things
that they talked about
and it helped me understand stop hunts
because I couldn't understand it as a
developing
student that
why would the price want to go for those
stops it didn't make any sense because
the books that I had bought never really
explained all that in in detail they
just said trust this pattern of
continuation or reversal pattern and the
idea of stop hunts or raids on liquidity
never really came up so it was an alien
topic to me so when I started delving
into the charts and started looking at
it it helped me and the pattern that she
and Larry mentioned in there was the
three little endings pattern it sounds
quirky sounds a little silly but it's
basically the three drives pattern okay
that means it's a swing High a higher
swing High and a higher swing high so
it's three times the market kept
pressing up I like to see this pattern
forming when there's an old high back
here okay on any time frame it's
Universal okay but if you ever start
seeing these three drives up into an old
high you don't have to see that third
High take out the old High because what
it's doing is
it's already pressing into running out
liquidity every time it creates a swing
high and it starts to go down bears are
trying to sell that and they're putting
buy stops rating above the previous high
and they keep getting taken so it's
already building in liquidity and
informed investors or quote unquote
smart money will be already establishing
short
positions then the market breaks in one
of the previous videos I talked about
the pattern or the setup and I suggested
not
using a particular swing low that looks
like it's been violated and why didn't
that trade work out wouldn't that be a
losing
trade I want you to think
about this idea that I teach which is
displacement
okay if you have a children's swimming
pool okay if you have a children's
swimming pool in your backyard and you
fill it up and then you have an elephant
just fall down inside of it what's going
to happen the water's going to be
displaced okay it's going to be an
obvious displacement of that
water rather simplistic analogy but
that's what you're looking for in price
when price goes above an old
high and it trades down below it you
want to see an obvious displacement you
don't want to see it just dude like H
well you know little lethargic run here
that's not enough this is like that
elephant falling into that children's
swimming pool it's no doubt about it it
really had a displacement when that
occurs then you go in you start looking
for the fair value
G the low the high and if it trades back
up into that then you can look for a
short
okay there's a process that you go
through learning it and it's good that
three of you were very critical about it
but but trust me there's rules for
reason and I'm not trying to hide
failure because these patterns sometimes
will fail you okay you'll read them
wrong or they just won't work okay
sometimes the market will have some kind
of a news event that comes out or it
just simply just rolls over top of it
and goes higher goes lower that's a
losing trade that's why you have to have
a stop loss that's why you have to have
good sound money management because if
you don't have those
things Murphy's Law is going to creep in
and whatever can go wrong will and if
you leave it open to the markets that
determination how bad the Pain's going
to be trust me you don't want that okay
you want to limit that so now we have
this previous High previous low now if
we did not this is really important that
you understand this part here if we
don't start seeing these higher highs
forming and it's just one steady run up
then you anticipate a high like this to
be taken out and it doesn't need to be
taken out by much just trade above it
and then you want to look for this
energetic movement lower that's
displacement where it's really animated
so in other words it would look like
when you're looking at your
chart that's a little bit more
pronounced because it went Above This
previous High here you're looking at
this one but as it's starting to move
towards that old
high remember 830 prior to that you're
looking for what's this it down a swing
High yes so it's trading above it here
does it have an energetic break below
that no it's just a very weak anemic
move lower then you have another run
higher here and then you have this Wick
or tail come down and it quickly snaps
back does that create a fair value Gap
in that no it's not there yet then it
goes higher here doesn't go above it
matches that high but then now this High
watch does it go below that yes a little
bit here but it's a little anemic still
but then look what we have here it
trades up and then smashes down then the
next candle here closes what do we have
there's your fair value got
that's your short and you could reach
for the liquidity resting below that low
that you would be identifying prior to
8:30 so sell side liquidity matching up
with your short you sell you want to buy
it back to cover that short well here's
waiting sellers right down here in the
form of sell
stops bam hits it
okay putting aside that you may not have
seen this as a long entry okay maybe you
didn't see this as a potential
continuation of
bullishness but look at these highs
here what's resting above that now buy
stops buy side liquidity and then what
do we have here right before lunch hour
it goes slightly above it and then
trades down and then we're in that time
of the day you don't Trade It New York
lunch hour noon to one don't trade it
okay do not trade it it can do a lot of
weird things in that hour or simply do
nothing and go sideways but either way
you don't want to be a participant in
that because it's
just it's not usually a clean time of
day for Price action so now here we have
the high of the day and all the
liquidity resting above here that would
not have been tagged by this in other
words stops are resting a little bit
above that because there's a lot of
people trying to sell short they want
they want to see this thing go lower but
we created a very important low last
week and the market has already tanked a
lot so it's pulling back up in the run
that it created going lower on a daily
chart so all these buy side liquidity
pools here are going to be a reason for
the market to want to reach up to that
because you don't have to be a
participant down here as a buyer you
just need to know on the other side of
lunch at 1:00 start watching and see is
there an indication that this thing
wants to go higher
and as you can
see all the buy side liquidity here was
ran aggressively here but then the
market trades right into the close
aggressively
bullish small little retracement here
small little retracement here and then
immediate run right into the close
now obviously the market trades a little
bit beyond that but this time of day
expect whatever algorithms that you
would expect to be driving price and
price runs to pretty much cap the the
majority of the volume that's going to
be in that
day
so what I want you to think about is how
the day is designed to have a morning
move a lunch hour where you don't want
to be trading and then the afternoon
move go back through your charts and you
can go back as far as you want the more
you do this the better you'll get but I
want you to think about creating your
charts like this and then describing
what the morning Trend was was it a
bullish move was it a bearish move was
it
consolidation if it was consolidation
prior to that part of the day in other
words the previous day or the previous
days was it bullish or bearish then
because if it was bullish this is
probably setting up another continuation
higher especially if you start seeing
these relative equal highs forming where
it Paints the idea that this is retail
resistance so Traders are going to think
that this is going to go lower and it
starts to build up a lot more interest
in the form of buy side liquidity or
buying interest at a high price even
though those Traders may be framing the
context of their trades as a short entry
trying to make money going lower they're
protective stop if they choose to use
one it's going to be in the form of a
buy stop and this is where it's going to
be at so the Market's going to want to
gravitate towards that especially if you
start seeing the swing lows not the one
in lunch time ignore that one you start
seeing the swing lows that are forming
every candle has a higher low to the
left and higher low to the right if they
start building up and every time they
create a new one it's going
higher that's a under pinning of the
marketplace that showing accumulation it
wants to go up because it wants to clean
out all this here plus we've been going
up for a few days on the daily
chart plus the sentiment is everybody
thinks it's been going down so they all
want to sell short because they want to
see a stock market crash but what they
are failing to realize is we've already
went down below a old low on the daily
chart so now we're running back the
other direction and anyone that's trying
to sell short unless it's a real quick
intraday scalp they're having their
clocks
cleaned so in the Aon there's a trend
and one of the built-in characteristics
of the afternoon is there's mechanisms
that are built in that help this Market
really accelerate into the close and if
you studied the price action in your
lower time frame charts you'll see that
there's a repeating phenomenon at
typically around 20 minutes to 4 and 10
minutes to 4 and
4:00 and it's all based
on Market on close orders that's really
what it is okay and the algorithms will
start spitting out really really
aggressive pricing and forcing traders
to either cover or you know get out of
their trades and usually if it's going
up it really just ramps up and
accelerates in that direction so while I
really enjoy trading the morning session
because there's a lot of volatility and
excitement if you're looking for if you
know what your daily bias is and we'll
talk about that next week if you know
what your daily bias is and if you know
what you're looking for in terms of
range expansion on the daily chart now
what what I mean by that the daily
candle do you expect it to trade higher
or lower you're not trying to predict
you know every single daily candle's
close but you're trying to determine do
you think that the daily candle you're
looking at forming today or what would
be forming tomorrow is it more likely to
be expanding higher or lower if it's
expanding higher in your analysis that
means you want to try to trade with the
expectation to find a trade in the
afternoon based on the logic that was
used in the morning so in other words
think about what I taught in Forex the
daily range okay creating a initial high
of the day and the low of the day here
now this is not the time of London but
this would be like what I teach as a
London
low in a buy day for Forex this would be
the low of the day then we consolidate
and then we get the New York
continuation and it runs in the same
direction that the London session formed
but this is not London this is all New
York time so there's a little bit of
adjusting that needs to be taken into
consideration which is why I made sure
at the beginning of the video I said
make sure your charts are set to New
York time over here it needs to be that
okay and if you don't have it like that
everything you're learning here if it's
at your
local time in your local time zone it's
it's going to be a mess so you need to
calibrate your charts on trading view to
that and everything I'm showing you here
is it's the same thing every day every
single day same thing so back to the
homework
assignment I want you to think
about outlining what the session was in
the morning and then what did session do
in the afternoon sometimes what you'll
see is it'll be bullish in the morning
and then reverse in the afternoon or
it'll be bullish in the morning and
continuation higher in the afternoon and
you'll get like a measured move what's a
measured move whatever the morning move
was it'll duplicate that twice so if it
moves up 200 points in the morning the
afternoon could see another 200 points
in addition to that and have a 400 Point
range or we could have a consolidation
in the morning session
and then it Trends in the afternoon
higher or lower okay and I want you to
go through your charts and look at that
on an intay basis do your charts like
this and I know it's a lot of work but
you want to learn how to do it right
this is how you do
it then study what the daily chart was
showing days before when it had days
that had these nice runs like this and
yesterday and previous
Friday so it allows you to help find
these big moves where if you're looking
at other like I'm not going to say this
to try to be mean-spirited CU that's not
my intent here but I want you to compare
and contrast like if you look around at
all the folks on
YouTube and again this is this is not me
trying to be arrogant I just want you to
understand there's a stark contrast to
what I'm teaching you here and what is
predominantly shown in this area of
trading okay index fatures you'll see
Traders that'll get in
here and they get in a price like
that and then they're going to make a
big
attempt to worry
about a
move like
that and they'll put lots of contracts
on on and you know trade this and have a
whole lot of hype and anxiety about
whether or not it's going to move in
their favor and worry about their stop
getting hit and all this stuff
and I don't want you thinking like that
okay I don't want you thinking like that
at all I want you to think about how if
this day was bullish for you say you had
the benefit of knowing that through
analysis you felt that this was going to
go higher okay if that's the case this
swing low here first swing low any
importance after 130 this is really
important
130 I'm looking for swing highs and
swing lows for the afternoon session
that's what I'm looking
for it's the same context that I use for
the morning session I'm looking for
swing highs and swing lows prior to
8:30 I'm looking for the first one okay
I'm not needing to go back days and days
and days I'm just looking for the first
one it's not a complicated
thing but at 130 that's usually when I'm
wanting to start trading the afternoon
that's the earliest but I'm preferably
looking for a swing high and swing low
to form at 130 why 130 because there's
an algorithm macro that starts running
at
130 that's beyond the scope of this
mentorship but just trust me there is
something going on that creates movement
at 130 in the New York session okay in
equity market so when that occurs all
we're looking for or what I'm looking
for is a swing High and a swing low and
then that same basis of looking for a
stop hunt in the morning like we
described here I'm looking for the same
thing here that's it same thing so now
think about this I'm I'm thinking that
these stops are in Jeopardy because it's
too clean the level's too clean straight
line edges in the market they don't tend
to stay like that there's going to be a
disruption the Market's been going
higher hasn't it
yes there this pent
up aggression that this Market wants to
go higher but it's seeing short-term
resistance here here it tried it a
little bit here and then retraced inside
the lunch hour the algorithm
reserved the price run until later in
the day now watch what happens this
swing low here gets violated right
there see
that That Swing Low gets violated right
there that small little stop Hunt is all
that's necessary that will start what is
called a buy program a by program is
when the algorithms go into the process
of spooling spooling is where it just
continuously keeps offering higher
prices if it's a buy program it just
keeps offering higher prices it does not
matter what the volume is it does not
matter and I don't care who you know who
worked at at the exchange I don't care
trust me when I tell you if you go
through the charts you're going to see
this okay look at the volume that comes
in sometimes it'll be good volume and
another like why is this happening right
that's that's your signature that's how
you know that this is being completely
manipulated so if it's being manipulated
doesn't it stand profitable for you to
know what it's likely to do not if
you're going know it all the time you're
not going to know I don't know it all
the time but these things tend to repeat
and if they repeat a majority of time
not every
day but the majority of time if these
things are in alignment if they start
showing the same
fingerprints it's probably going to pan
out and then you can start
doing long
entries and then hold for the close
don't get in here and try to trade these
little Mickey Mouse moves and worry
about them and over leverage and try to
put more contracts on than your account
can really weather because if you don't
know what you're
doing cheap leverage discount leverage
can murder you can absolutely murder you
and especially in these kind of markets
they're very fast markets right now I'm
loving it but it's very quick violent
volatility and if you don't know what
you're
doing you can literally be dismantled
very quickly expediently okay
so inside this area
the market creates a swing low runs
through this low stop hunt so the stops
below here what sell
stops buy those sell stops I know it
feels scary but go through your charts
and you'll see many examples of this
happening it's the same thing took place
over
here buy the sell stops that are resting
below here and expect this level to be
taken
out consolidation through lunch at after
1:30 in the afternoon wait for a swing
low to be
violated and then rally what if you
don't get a swing low that trades below
it what do you look for well you look
for a move higher that's
sudden displacement
higher then look for a fair value Gap if
it trades back down in the fair value
Gap you buy that there's your two
patterns that's it that's the only two
patterns you need you don't need 15
different gimmicky names okay you don't
need Breakers you don't need an order
block
see how easy that is very simple
strategy very very simple strategy you
have a trade one way or the other and
the logic has to be there for either one
of them to
form now I was not in the EM Min S&P
today I was trading NASDAQ so let's go
over to NASDAQ and I'm going to save
time and not put all the lipstick on the
chart I hope you can allow me that
but here is 130
we have a swing low there and it's
basically almost the same low as that
one so what's happening
here what's that it's trading down below
it see
that look further to the
left what's
that fair value
Gap man it can't be that easy it can't
be that easy these relative equal highs
what's above that buy side
liquidity
okay watch I'm going to drop into a one
minute
chart scrub back
here
to
130 and I don't need to do 20 contracts
or 10
contracts to do like a
$20,000
day that's kind of like the flavor of
the month right now
and if you
look at this low and this low here what
are those they're relative equal lows so
that's going to be viewed as what
support retail support and they're going
to buy those little runs here they're
basically going to chase that so if you
look at
this through the scope
of below this
level there's sell stops and you think
it's going to go
higher like I believed it was going to
go higher
today I want to be buying those stops
all right so say you're watching price
it's Meandering through through through
and then all of a sudden That Swing Low
forms right there and we had this low
here and we had this sudden drop down
when you see that if you're watching it
on a like a one minute chart that's
going to look so Dynamic
so aggressive if you're zoomed in it's
going to feel like the floor has just
dropped out but that's exactly what
you're looking for to
buy now you
see fellas out there on YouTube You're
Going To See by contrast there are folks
out there that are trying to
trade you know just a handful of ticks
with a lot of contracts that to me
doesn't make any sense but if that works
for you did great okay but I want you to
think about in comparison and by
contrast what seems more logical for you
to feel it's worth more to pursue in
study and learning how to do something
like that where it's risk a lot put a
lot behind the trade and try to get just
a little bit of a move or now this is a
demo account okay but I did trade live
today too but just for the purposes of
teaching the content
right
there that low is the lowest
candle it rallies all the way up okay
and then right
here that was a
close there's a better way to do this if
you know what you're looking for you can
be very very precise about it you can be
dialed
in
like nobody's business like it is
unbelievable in terms of the predictable
nature of these markets especially these
markets because they're they're traded
by a lot of Institutions and a lot of
professional Traders the manipulation
that takes place in these markets is
still there but it's not
as well vulgar or ruthless as it is
sometimes in Forex the inbank markets
man they can really really you know do
you dirty quick and more fre
frequently the Futures Market they tend
to be a little bit more cleaner a little
bit more predictable much more nicer in
their delivery now there are times when
reports come out or something you know
unannounced comes into the world scene
and causes
volatility when that occurs then you'll
get that noisy look to price action just
stand on the sidelines wait for things
to smooth out it may not be that same
trading day it may require you a day or
or maybe even a week let the markets go
back into sync and then they'll start
delivering very nice again but the the
main thing I want you to take away is
that you know showing entries like this
and ex and
stuff it's
not it's not all that much of a big deal
okay but it becomes a sticking point
okay a stumbling block
for people that want to try to learn how
to do this because if you lay it in
front of them they have to have lots of
contracts to do something to be
profitable in such a small little move
to me it
communicates that that person that's
trying to trade like that whether it's
the person that created the system or
someone that's trying to learn the
system they really have no idea how
price works and how it books because if
they did they wouldn't be trying to take
these little tiny little micro out of
the marketplace they would be trading
like I'm showing you here
so if you were to think to yourself hey
I want to know what it's like to be in a
move where I can be
comfortable knowing that the daily range
is going to unfold and I'm just going to
submit to
it well these markets offer that Forex
offers it too but right now in the last
couple months really Forex has been
rather funky okay and because of that we
have transitioned to index
Futures there are times of the year
where I teach index Futures Trading
because they're predominantly more
liquid and or if there's no real topic
for me to teach to my paid mentorship
group I'll say I got nothing for you for
Forex and then I'll point to Something
in Futures it may be a commodity market
like last year I told everybody buy the
gray Market say were're going to have a
huge bull market boom they went up it's
a matter of knowing how to navigate the
price action okay but these markets here
except for the sun summer months and
that being like July and August those
months can be a little uh hit or miss
but the rest of the year they tend to be
really nice markets so if you're looking
to have your trading business framed on
a asset class that is really nice it's
professionally delivered where it's not
like a bucket shop you know penny stock
type Market it's these markets are
really nice they're very systematic in
the way they do do things and they
repeat but if you don't know what you're
looking for or understanding Behind
These mechanics that I'm outlining here
at the very basic
level then you can obviously hurt
yourself still
so right away I'm showing you that there
are
times in the day that you want to be
looking for setups you're not trying to
do 25 trades you're not trying to do 30
trades you're not in there trying to
Micro Scalp you're looking for the real
moves in the morning and the real moves
in the afternoon and preferably if you
get 1 in the morning you don't trade in
the afternoon go to a demo and practice
there don't give the money back to the
marketplace especially while you're you
know you're new don't do that and I'm
actually telling you not to trade with
live funds but I know a lot of you like
to see things that are traded with a
live account like it's a real um account
that shows entries and and things of
that nature and that's the things I'm
doing this year okay I'm not going to do
it in 2023 I'm not going to do it
forever okay I did it so that way my
students can feel at ease about it
because even in my in my paid mentorship
group I don't trade live funds there
because for my protection I'm doing what
I'm showing you right here in a demo but
I've been showing Live account trades
this to approved it it works so
hopefully you found this insightful and
until I'll talk to you on Thursday be
safe